>> Energy mastery can transcend
the limitations of this
frequency.
It's time to change the
channel and enter the buzzsaw.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>SEAN STONE:
Welcome to "Buzzsaw,"
where we cut through
the mainstream narrative
to explore the twilight
zones of reality,
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
With me today is Lee Harris--
channel, intuitive healer,
and author of "Energy Speaks."
His service-to-others
approach has
helped him build his
company, Lee Harris Energy,
into a multimedia worldwide
event company and production
house.
His acclaimed Soul Magic
and Energy Mastery retreats
are adventures as the deepest
aspects of living, loving,
and awakening.
Lee, you channel a group
that calls themselves the Zs,
if I'm correct.
Who are they, for our audience?
>>LEE HARRIS: So when I
first heard the voice,
which was how I'd
experienced it--
I asked them at some point,
I think a few days in,
do you have a name?
And they said, well,
we don't have names.
But we know that
humans need names,
so you can call me Zachary.
And I'm the spokesperson
for the group.
And then as the years
went on, a few others
identified themselves
and they gave the names
Zapharia and Zaiadurah.
So now I just call them
the Zs, because they
speak from a centralized voice
but they're a collective.
>>SEAN: And do they
have any reference
in terms of the history of
channeling or alien contact,
civilizations?
>>HARRIS: No, no, they don't.
It's interesting.
I was a naive channeler.
I didn't really know about
the channeling world.
I was very into self-growth
and personal development,
and definitely mysticism.
But no.
I have had a few different
people email me over the years
and say, oh, I've
heard your channeling.
And my guide is called Z
something, or Zachariah also.
No, but I've never heard
anything in history,
or never seen anything
out there that makes
me think that's
where they're from.
>>SEAN: So they've never
identified location or?
>>HARRIS: No, but they have
said they're travelers--
because I asked that.
I was like, OK, are you
from a certain planet?
Are you angelic?
And they said, think of us
as a consciousness library
and a voice of galactic source.
They say that some of the group
have had incarnations on Earth.
Some have had
incarnations off Earth.
And now they're a central force.
So it's interesting,
because I definitely
feel a whole mixture of
energies in the group
and what comes through.
>>SEAN: So you've described
your channeling as a surprise,
essentially.
But what was that like?
I mean, how did
that actually-- what
were you doing, for example,
that might have triggered it,
or how did it come about?
>>HARRIS: Yeah,
so I think for me,
the short version
is, as a kid I was
very sensitive, very intuitive,
but I didn't know I was.
So I, like many sensitive
intuitive young people
who haven't yet been
shown how to manage that,
turned it on myself.
I was taken to Weight
Watchers age 10,
because I'd developed
addictive eating quite early
as one of my compensations
or ways of coping.
So when I started to unpack
myself in my late teens,
I got really into
personal growth.
And I would go for tarot
readings and something
would crackle in my
body at a tarot reading.
Something would feel true to me.
And I started playing
with cards with my friends
and they would say,
how did you know that?
But I didn't know
anything about the cards.
I just would put them down.
And so I started to learn that
I had an intuitive ability,
that if I used cards it would
be like the permission for me
to read or send
something about somebody.
And then I would take someone's
hand, hold their hand,
and get information.
So I wasn't looking
for disease to happen.
I was on the London
Underground, going
to my job in
corporate fundraising,
going through all
of the thoughts
in my own head
that were negative,
self-doubting, all about,
really, my low self-worth
and how could I get through it.
And one day, I was just going
through all of those thoughts.
And very clearly,
still to this day
if I speak to them I hear
them kind of in this location
position-wise to my
head, it was an answer
that answered the
negative thought
that I was debating in my head
with such clarity and strength
and wisdom that I was like, oh?
What is that?
So then this back and
forth conversation
was going between what I
knew as my own mind, which
is kind of here,
and this other voice
that was coming in from
up here and saying things
that I didn't know, but when I
heard them something in my body
would relax.
So I would go home
and write questions.
And of course you
think, am I going mad?
Is this schizophrenia?
What is this?
But gradually, the more I grew
to see how useful the voice was
to me, and then to friends, I
started to relax a little bit,
and eventually
got asked to do it
as a job by a shamanic healer
and yoga teacher that I had.
And she said, you should
do readings for people.
So that was kind
of how it started.
But never in a million years
did I think it would happen.
And I also had a lot of
skepticism, because I thought,
this should be harder.
I shouldn't be on an
underground train.
I should be, like, meditating.
I should have got to some
state of enlightenment.
So that's one of the
things that I really teach.
If you want to be a channel,
whether that's connecting
to another energy or entity
or just your higher self,
you can do it.
And when I run
workshops, I always
make sure everyone is
given pen and paper,
and I always stop the
workshop at some point
and go, sit there
and write a message
from your higher self
for five minutes,
because we can all do that.
We just don't.
>>SEAN: What has
been the main message
that the Zs have given you?
>>HARRIS: The main message.
>>SEAN: I mean, the purpose.
>>HARRIS: I would
say the main effect--
and this is the effect
that I bring to my work
as an energy teacher--
is that really, when we
open to our purpose and why
we're here--
and that can be
momentary or grand--
then we start to become
part of the jigsaw piece
that we are for the
rest of the world.
And so we all have a part to
play in this specific time
in history.
And there's a lot going on,
and we couldn't possibly
take care of all of it.
But if you take care of
your personal calling
in your personal relationships
and in the work that you're
doing, you will play your
part at this time in history.
So a lot of what they
do and what I work to do
is to help people unpack the
stuff that's in their way,
just as I'm doing that
every day as a human being,
trying to kind of
bridge that gap
between human density
and higher energies
and higher frequencies,
which I believe
is the challenge we all have.
>>SEAN: It's the
challenge of connecting
to our heart and our soul, and
basically recognizing the heart
and soul purpose beyond the
physical necessity desires,
the ego of everyday living.
So do you think
that everyone has
their own individual
guides, or are these guides
basically working with
others within the 3D realm?
>>HARRIS: I do.
Well, I feel we all
have a connection.
So my perspective on it is there
are many, many, many layers.
So there are all
of these layers,
there are all of these
dimensions, and some of us
will align with a certain
group or a certain guide.
But I do believe we all
have our own guides.
But I've met some
channelers who--
and not just channelers.
In the public realm,
I've met some people who
are channeling off world
and that's their contact,
and I've met others who
don't see it that way
but they just have a wisdom
voice or a higher self.
So for me, everything up here
is accessible to all of us
if we either have an opening
or we cultivate a desire.
So one thing I kind
of recognize is
I bought this book called "How
to Connect with your Spiritual
Guide" not long before
I started channeling.
I never read it, but I
had it in my presence.
And I'm a big believer in that,
have the title or the word
or the affirmation
in your presence.
And it kind of helps send
a sign to the universe
that you're open and ready.
But I do believe everyone
has contact of some kind.
>>SEAN: You know,
a lot of people
have had contact because
of traumas in their life.
Oftentimes we've heard about
psychics and others who
were traumatized as children,
and as a result basically
opening to other realms.
What do you teach in terms
of your energy mastery
that gets people, like what
are some basic practices
or understanding that people
can use without having to wait
for trauma to occur,
to actually start
to open to that
spiritual understanding?
>>HARRIS: It's funny
you bring that up,
because one of the things that
took me years to recognize
was how many traumatized people
had had spiritual openings
or gone to spirituality
to feel safe.
So we leave the body.
And when we leave the body,
we can access everything else.
But the trick is then, how
do you start to come back?
So my own personal path and
what I've seen with others
is you have these
openings and epiphanies,
but there's always going
to be a point that you're
going to be asked to come
back, both to the body
and to the horizontal world,
and be useful, basically.
We're not going
to stay out there,
because otherwise
we could just die.
So a couple of the things that--
I think really,
one of the things
that I've stood for
over the years--
and I didn't understand
this at the time,
but I see it now-- is helping
sensitives or people who've
gone through the trauma of being
sensitive on this planet come
back to their body,
come back to their life.
And we do so many
different things.
I mean, I'm a big advocate
of we need creativity
to balance our life.
Creative energy is so important.
And it's channeling.
And for many people,
it's the only way
they'll see the light reflected.
So if you are very
isolated at home
and you can't deal
with people right now,
one of the things the
Zs said is create,
because they said then you
bring your angelic energy,
your angelic presence
onto the earth.
And it's not even about
sharing it with others.
It's just about you
seeing something reflected
that you have managed
to bring through you,
because all sensitives need
to see light on the planet.
So the trauma comes from the
darkness and the density.
So the successful
sensitives find
a way to bring light and
creative action to the planet.
For the last few years,
I've worked a lot
with people who
want to be a force
for change and for positive
creativity on the planet.
And that's been
something that usually,
once you unlock your
self-esteem, self-worth, fear
issues, you start
to perform and you
start to become what I call
part of the wheel in the world.
You're contributing,
and that contribution
is its own personal
growth journey
because then you have
all these experiences of,
wow, I'm offering this
work to the world,
and I meet this person
and I get taken here.
It's kind of a hidden--
>>SEAN: It opens new
doors, new dimensions.
But how do you experience
psychic attacks
as a result of the work when
you obviously are channeling
and you're opening into the
light and doing creative work
and really bringing light
to the darkness, what type
of psychic attacks
do you encounter?
>>HARRIS: Well, there
are YouTube comments.
And they're like a tiny version.
Yeah, you know, I
haven't personally
experienced strong psychic
attack because of channeling.
But you feel it, for example,
when you're in a workshop room.
And I always break
this down to people
who are teaching or
leading workshops as well,
or beginning to.
There's always going to be a
periphery energy in that room,
because that's life.
Even if you manage to create
the most heartfelt, strong
foundation of love and
opening for that room,
if you've got 100
people in the room
there's going to be 10
around the edges that
are anything from resistant,
which is its own form of attack
on what's going on, through
to aggressively pushing
against what you're doing.
So I would say, when I go
out and do live events,
I always notice the
disruptive forces.
And if you start to
notice them and you
know how to boundary
against them
and not give them
what they want,
because they will try
and hook your attention,
they will try and get you
to take their suffering,
then you can stay working
with the center of the room.
So for me, that's
always been my, I guess,
most up close and personal
experience of psychic attack--
or somebody attacking me for
what I won't do for them,
an expectation that
I should give them--
15 minutes of channeling
outside the room.
And it's like, I'm
running an event.
I can't do that.
So I see the subtlety
in those attacks
rather than ever having a
strong awareness of somebody
psychically attacking me.
But I have some good
support, and people who
look out for me in that way.
>>SEAN: Absolutely.
So people have a hard time
with opening the third eye.
Is this, do you
think, largely because
of our social conditioning
or are there physical factors
and toxins environmentally that
are also blocking our third eye
opening?
>>HARRIS: It's
interesting, because we're
living in such a toxic time,
and yet at the same time
I see the rise of
consciousness happening.
And I think the internet
has helped people
to see themselves.
I always think of the
hundredth monkey syndrome.
So if you see enough
channeling, if you
are in a room with
a channeler, if you
are around somebody
who's good at something,
then you are able to lean
into that, if it's for you,
and just become that.
So you know, it's a weird one.
It's a catch-22.
For me personally, no.
I'm probably less
toxic in my body
now than I was when I was
22 when it happened to me.
I have a cleaner lifestyle.
So I don't know about that.
That's not something
I've experienced.
But it's something I hear
other people talk about.
And I think the fear of
the third eye opening
is what it's going to
do to the rest of you,
because it takes no prisoners.
So for me, once I
started channeling,
man, it was like
self-growth was on steroids.
And it wasn't
always comfortable.
It wasn't always easy.
You have to manage imbalance.
So when your third
eye opens, because you
get this very visionary
experience of the world, all
of a sudden if you
haven't had that before,
it can destabilize
parts of your life.
It can destabilize-- it
can have a big effect
on your sexual energy, your
heart energy, the whole thing.
So for a lot of
people, the third eye
is a really powerful place
to kill your identity.
But we're all trained
to protect our identity
and to be safe
around our identity.
So the third eye is definitely
a catalyst for everything else.
But as you kind of
alluded to earlier,
unless it's working in resonance
with all the other chakras,
we're imbalanced.
It's that crazy
psychic that you meet
that wants to assault you
with their third eye seeing,
but they're imbalanced
everywhere else.
So it kind of comes with a
punch rather than with support,
love, and help.
>>SEAN: So how
would someone know
if their third eye was open?
>>HARRIS: Well, usually
people are experiencing
visions and intuitions.
And usually that's different
to how it was before.
So you may be
sitting-- for example,
if my third eye just opened
and you and I were friends,
I'd suddenly be sitting with
you and I'd be like, wow,
I can tell that Sean's
about to go off and do
this really amazing thing.
And he didn't tell
me anything about it,
but I've got this feeling I'm
not going to see him again.
So you start to get little
senses or information
about other people that
may or may not be true.
So it's always
worth investigating.
But you start to go beyond
the linear what people are
telling you, how people appear.
You start to sense things
in a different way.
And then of course,
you have to learn
how to turn that on
and off and when it's
appropriate to see in that way.
So usually people
are very clear when
they've had a third eye opening,
because the world changes.
It's like things get 3D
in ways that can sometimes
be very uncomfortable as
well, if you don't know
how to manage it or handle it.
>>SEAN: You
mentioned, obviously,
that the world is more
toxic than ever-- well, I
don't know if than ever.
We don't know about
ancient history.
But we do know that
there's obviously
a lot of pollution,
environmental toxins,
chemtrails, 5G Wi-Fi,
things like this.
How is that making it harder
to tune in and channel?
>>HARRIS: It's interesting.
I haven't personally noticed
a difference, certainly
in it making it harder.
But it's a funny one.
It's a catch-22, because I look
at the 5G Wi-Fi reports that
are out there, and
yet at the same time,
in a strange way I
think that people
opening their consciousness has
been advanced by the internet.
So it's this catch-22
of our current world.
But for me personally, I
don't notice any difficulty
with channeling.
I do wonder-- because all
of us now are overstimulated
and using our devices and
with the computer a lot more--
do we practice presence
enough to come back
to want to channel, or are
we into the next stimulation?
Because suddenly this
very telepathic experience
has happened to the world--
that's how I experience
the internet.
I think the internet has
raised telepathic understanding
and experience for people.
So suddenly, you've
got everybody
can see everything
and communicate
with everybody in a way
that's quite hive mind.
And for me, that's
the first big example
of that happening
on a mass level.
So from my perspective,
like anything,
there's a good side to it.
And with the 5G and the Wi-Fi
stuff, like most people,
I'm still monitoring
the information
that's coming out
and wondering what's
going to happen for
all of us around that.
>>SEAN: But don't you think that
diet and food and other things
play a role in terms
of where the body goes,
the mind and soul go?
Because if your body is toxic
and polluted and stimulated
the wrong ways,
that even if you are
channeling or
having an awakening,
it's ultimately not going to--
your body's ill
health will not be
conducive to it furthering
empowering yourself.
>>HARRIS: Definitely.
I also notice--
it's interesting.
I've noticed a lot of
channelers, intuitives,
and psychics can sometimes
be on the heavier side.
And I certainly have
had that with myself.
And one of the things I
asked the Zs about that,
and they said because you're
trying to ground and stabilize
high frequency on a planet
that isn't necessarily.
So I think sometimes
you pay the price,
or you haven't yet
reached a place--
and you don't need to
maybe for your soul path--
to get that aligned.
I mean, I meet others
who are very aligned
and they really practice--
well, I guess my
point, Sean, is I've
met some blindingly brilliant
channellers and intuitives who
aren't necessarily as healthy
as the next person who
maybe doesn't have
quite the talent
or the ability they have.
So I always put that
down to personal path.
We all come here with a
destiny, and we come here
to experience certain things.
And it's interesting
how we all take
on different wounds
or physical ailments
that others don't necessarily.
>>SEAN: And are these wounds
and ailments and mostly
our self-induced blocks
what essentially keep us
from manifesting?
>>HARRIS: I am a
believer in both.
So I think yes,
the self-induced.
But I also look at the
control on this planet,
and the stuff that is
holding us in place
and the limited options
that are given to us.
So it's an interesting one.
When you look at what's going
on in the world that is toxic
and damning to
human progression--
and not just human progression,
all life on the planet--
it's tricky.
But the Zs are always
saying, create the new.
They say, unless you're
one of the people who
are supposed to be right
up against the fight
and be an activist
against those forces,
you have to create the new.
So it's a tricky and
interesting time to be alive.
But at the same time, I look
at it as, we're creating.
We're here to create
the new and we're here
to create the solution.
So people tend to fall into
a couple of different camps
around that.
But just to kind of go back
to your question, for me,
I do think there is a level of--
there is a gravity here
that we can't avoid.
And as a visionary, as
an intuitive, as someone
who can feel and
sense, we can all
have those experiences
where we go, wow,
there's so much
more beyond this.
But we come back
to the human suit
and we come back to
the gravity boots.
>>SEAN: What do you
think about this phrase,
all the universe is within you?
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
I mean, I would also say we're
within all of the universe,
meaning if you look out
it just keeps going.
And I do believe that.
I mean, I do believe--
I do believe, and I
experience that a lot.
And then other times
I don't experience it,
because I've come up
through human separation,
human conditioning.
So--
>>SEAN: Executive
mentality separation,
when if fact we could say
that everything that's
happening to us, everything
that's happening on the planet
is ultimately a reflection
of that which is within us
and needs to be
manifest, perhaps,
needs to be expressed
and worked out.
>>HARRIS: Definitely.
We came here to roll up our
sleeves is kind of the message
that they often give.
But they also say a lot of
people here have given up.
One of the things that has
been one of my messages
is if you're still on the
planet, there's a reason.
Whereas a lot of
people go, ugh, I'm
on the wrong planet, wrong time.
I was dropped off in
the wrong universe.
They say, no, it's
really easy to die.
You can die like that.
So if you're here, get curious
about what you're here to do
and what you hear
to find for yourself
and alleviate for yourself.
>>SEAN: Well, as
you said, it's very
easy to give up in
a place like this
and very hard to
spread love and light.
So is it enough to just
say, look, positive
thinking, love and light.
We can do this.
Or is there more that needs to
be done to really get there?
>>HARRIS: Yeah, not
for me it's not enough.
It's not been my path.
My path has been
all of it, you know?
The whole human journey with
all of its difficulties.
And I think that the people that
I see on the planet who I feel
are the biggest
changemakers, certainly
where the mass
consciousness is concerned,
they're in the trenches.
They're not just love and light.
They know the pain or the
suffering of what we go through
as humanity, and
they are bringing
their best tools and ideas and
energy towards shifting that.
I don't diss the love and
light brigade, though,
because there are certain people
who really want to be the love
and light brigade,
and they just want
to sit there and hold space.
And they're doing their job.
But for me, do I
resonate with that?
No, I'm too human.
At this point, right?
>>SEAN: All too human.
What are the lightspeed
density detoxes?
>>HARRIS: Ah, lightspeed
density detoxes.
I think you're referring to
something that I probably spoke
about in an energy update.
I do these monthly
energy updates
where I just take the pulse.
And they're free
videos each month.
And I once talked about
lightspeed density detoxes.
Really, it's that part
of us that as we ascend,
we let go of all the stuff
that we no longer need.
So for example, you
have a great epiphany
about what you're going
to do and you're like,
oh my god, I'm going to
start this healing center,
and it's going to
be in this place
in the world which
really needs it
and I'm going to put all
my energy towards it.
Feels amazing.
Then what's going to happen
is all the parts of you that
weren't ready for that--
the part of you that
thinks, I can't do this,
they don't want this, who
am I to think of this--
that will go through
a density detox.
>>SEAN: All the fear.
>>HARRIS: --the
path of creation.
We set out on the
creational journey,
and we will shed and
transmute whatever
we need to transmute as the
creator as we go through it.
So the lightspeed
density detoxes are--
what I've noticed is happening
for people now versus, say,
10 years ago when I was
first doing energy updates,
it's rapid.
So whereas before you
could have taken a week
to go through a
self-worth issue, now
you're just going through it for
two or three very funky hours
that don't make any sense.
You thought you were fine.
Everything was going well.
And this lightspeed density
detox is going through you.
And it's best, in my experience,
to just love the process
rather than think that
something's wrong.
You can try and make
yourself more comfortable
as you go through it, but it's
just happening for everybody
at the moment.
>>SEAN: Are these
ascension symptoms?
>>HARRIS: Yeah, I would say
they are accelerated ascension
symptoms.
>>SEAN: That's good then.
>>HARRIS: Yeah.
>>SEAN: Was there one
teaching in particular that
started you on your path
of harnessing your healing
abilities?
>>HARRIS: Hm.
There wasn't a teaching.
There were lots of different
teachers, workshops, books.
But it's funny, when
you ask me that question
the book that comes to my mind
is "The Four Agreements" by Don
Miguel Ruiz.
I got that the year
it came out, I think,
and nobody knew about it.
And I immediately bought
seven copies for friends
and handed them out.
And it was just such a
lightbulb moment to me.
I read it and I
knew it was true.
And I also knew I
couldn't reach it.
I was looking at it
going, oh my god.
It was the same as channeling.
It was like, oh, I see where
I'm not these things yet,
but I see that this is
the direction to go in.
So that was a real
lightbulb book for me.
And then lots of other
books and workshops.
But no, I've never
followed one way.
I've always been
a bit of a multi--
a little bit of this, a
little bit of that, try this.
>>SEAN: But what
excites you the most
about the work you're doing?
>>HARRIS: I would say--
what excites me the most?
Well, I'm a creator.
Since I was a kid, I
just create things.
I never thought I
would do this work,
but it makes so much
sense to me now.
When I look back I'm like,
oh, I see that everything
was lining up for this.
What excites me the most is
when I hear from somebody
who says, the way you
said that, or that course
that I just took of
yours has changed my life
and I'm in tears--
so what excites me is
being able to contribute.
I think of Don
Miguel Ruiz or Tori
Amos or any of the books
or artists or films
that have affected me
and lit me back up.
So I like to be able to
throw it back into the wheel.
It's nice to be one of
the people now who--
I can't be a heart surgeon.
That's not my training
or my alliance.
But what I can do for people
is in the work I create.
That's my contribution.
And hopefully for
the people it's
resonant for, it will be the
next step for them that day.
So that lights me up, the
service and the purpose of it.
And it's taken me
years to get to that.
It's taken me years to feel
that as the biggest truth,
but that really is
what works for me now.
>>SEAN: So it strikes
me that you're basically
here to inspire and to
catalyze shifts and energy
change in people.
How do people arrive
as energy masters?
How do we as individuals get
to that level of responsibility
and self-actualization
and control
to become masters
of our own energy?
>>HARRIS: Well, for
me personally I expect
it to be a lifelong thing.
And I also see how, with
the world changing so much,
we're constantly
having to rebalance.
It's like paddleboarding
through life.
You have to have a
really strong core,
and you need to know
when the wave is
coming and all that stuff.
So for me, it's really
about understanding yourself
and your connection
to everything.
And presence is what brings it.
But a lot of my work is, how
do we get back to presence
without fear?
And for me too, how do
I get back to presence
when I notice I've moved
off, I've gone into the mind?
So for me, that's what the
path of energy mastery is.
But I also don't
think it's individual.
I think even if you're focused
on yourself as an individual,
this whole thing is way
bigger than each of us
individuals right now.
So even if you're
focused on your bit,
you're contributing
to the energy change
that's happening on the planet.
So to me, it's kind
of an endless journey.
>>SEAN: Do the Zs
ever talk about where
we're going as a species?
>>HARRIS: They've said
a few different things.
They've said that there are
many timeline possibilities.
The one thing that they have
held-- it's interesting.
Over the last 10
years, I remember
being a little activated by
some stuff that I was reading
and learning about in the late
2000s, so about 2009, 2010.
And I remember talking
to them about that stuff.
And at the time there were
all these predictions.
In 2011, this is going
to happen, and in 2012.
And I got fear activated
like a lot of people did.
And they were always
like, uh-uh, nope,
not going to happen that way.
None of this is going to
come to pass in this way.
There is a very slow
change, and everything
is going to take a very
long time to change.
The things that you
fear might happen
are going to be imploding
from the inside.
But they have said
it will get messy.
And they've said, you will see
as you go from 2014 to 2025,
it will get messier.
And here we are recording
this show in 2018
and I'm like, oh
yeah, now I understand
what they're talking about.
They always said
that people would
have to get in touch
with their emotions
before they got in touch with
their higher consciousness.
So I have watched over
the last few years,
because of all these
outer catalysts, people
getting very emotional and
very intense about stuff.
>>SEAN: Absolutely.
>>HARRIS: But now there is
this plethora of information,
knowledge, conversation,
and tools for us
where we can go, oh, this
is an angry reaction.
It doesn't mean everybody
is going to go that way.
But more and more
people are beginning
to understand themselves
in a deeper way.
And then that ripples out
to the whole of society.
>>SEAN: Yeah.
It strikes me that when you're
talking about energy mastery,
you have to work with emotions.
Emotions are the most important
aspect or catalyzing energy
force within us.
But ultimately, the emotions,
once we work them out,
are they meant to lead
us back to the heart?
Is that the intention?
>>HARRIS: Yeah, so bringing
us to a place where we can not
only be in our own heart
and present space more,
but also for others.
So I don't know
about you, but I know
I'm much better at conflict
now than I was 10 years ago.
And if I'm in the
energy of conflict,
I know how to be
to help diffuse it
and I also know when to
leave, when it's escalating
and it's not for me to defuse.
It's like, oh, this
is supposed to go off.
I'm now supposed to leave.
So what we talk about a lot in
the energy mastery workshops--
and what the Zs
will talk about--
is really trust
yourself and your focus.
It's not, completely
ignore the stuff
that's going on in the
world that's challenging.
But it's recognize
that by following
your purpose and your path
and going where you feel led,
then you're going
to get to a place
where you will start to emanate
more and more for other people.
And I see that with the people
that I'm really touched by,
the people who walk
into a room and you can
see they've got a connection.
They've got something
they practice every day,
and they're bringing
something to the room.
They're vibrationally
upleveling the room
or giving the room a chance to
balance or a person to go, wow,
I'm always calm
when I'm around you.
Wow, that means I'm chaotic.
So it's not to do it for others
without thinking of yourself.
But if you focus
on what you're here
to do in your own
personal development,
you start to naturally
become more benevolent.
>>SEAN: And this
is something that's
so important, because you're
saying your service to others.
And again, I always say to
people, focus on your path
and then you will be
service to others.
Whereas some people want
to go out there and get
so involved in other things,
and doing this and charity
and focused on
the outside world,
that they actually lose touch
with their own power, which
is within themselves, right?
And so what you're
saying essentially
is going within yourself is
the most important thing you
can do to become a
role model, to become
a light for the world.
>>HARRIS: It is.
And I think for a lot of healers
and a lot of purpose-driven
people--
and a healer to me also
can be an activist.
It doesn't have to be someone
who's working one-on-one with.
Someone who's
trying to help bring
more light to the
world in whatever way.
There's been a real sea
change in the last kind
of six, seven years.
I've seen a lot of people
go through burnout,
want to give up their job.
And it's because they
were pushing out first.
It was like, oh, I'm here
to heal the suffering.
Well, the suffering exists.
We all have our own
personal suffering
that we have to come
to reckoning with.
So the more you focus on
where you want to go next--
but it's challenging for
healers, because that seems
selfish or counter-intuitive.
They're like, but I'm
here to have a purpose.
Well, try not having
a purpose for year
and see where you go next.
And I know for myself,
I had a few periods
where I thought I was
going to stop this job.
And I really gave
myself permission
to stop it for like
six, nine months.
And actually what happened was
I kind of rebirthed and found
new ways--
>>SEAN: Because you
attract basically what
you're meant to do.
When you let go of pushing,
everything comes to you.
>>HARRIS: Exactly.
So yeah, a lot of
rebirthing for healers back
into trusting what they feel
and hear rather than going,
oh my god, there's a problem.
There's a problem.
I've got to solve this.
Because then you
lose all your energy.
>>SEAN: Absolutely.
Lee, thank you so much
for joining me today.
>>HARRIS: Thank
you for having me.
>>SEAN: It's a pleasure.
And that's all the time we
have for this week's "Buzzsaw."
If you want to learn
more about Lee,
go to LeeHarrisEnergy.com for
guidance and daily inspiration
on your way to energy mastery.
I'm your host Sean Stone.
Remember, you are
the revolution.
[MUSIC PLAYING]